1. Hours to complete the project: 20-25 or more hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Board Data Type): This problem went fairly well for me in the 
   beginning. The idea of how this 8 puzzle board works was not too
   difficult to understand after having read through the project assignment
   a couple of times and playing a couple of rounds of the 8 puzzle 
   myself online. The biggest issue was solving Iterable<Board> neighbors(),
   always messing up the directions. The biggest issue in this problem were 
   the bugs i had to debug. This took about as much time as it did to write the 
   code itself, checking almost each method to see where the problem is.
   After having finished the Solver (Problem Two) It gave me more bugs
   for this problem. Also Two String was a problem since it gave me fail
   for the tests because of the spacing.


   Problem 2 (Solver Data Type): Problem two went a bit quicker than
   problem 1, but figuring out solver also took a while and all the bugs 
   i ended up with solver(). Making the solver also made me have to go back
   to proboem one to fix some things in order for the solver to work in
   my problem two. and there was an issue with my isGoal.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Philipp           brother        Helped me when i got
                                    stuck and helped me debug
                                    the code.

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I found this project to be a bit more difficult than the one's we have
   had so far this semester. I was working on this project through most of 
   spring break which was disspointing. The project was interesting but, 
   difficult. 
